Assignment name  : mini_serv
Expected files   : mini_serv.c
Allowed functions: write, close, select, socket, accept, listen, send, recv, bind, strstr, malloc, realloc, free, calloc, bzero, atoi, sprintf, strlen, exit, strcpy, strcat, memset, htons, htonl
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Write a program that will listen for client to connect on a specific port on 127.0.0.1 and allows clients to communicate with each other

This program takes the port to bind to as it's first argument.
If no argument is provided, it should write to stderr "Wrong number of arguments" followed by a \n and exit with status 1
If a System Call returns an error before the program starts accepting connections, it should write to stderr "Fatal error" followed by a \n and exit with status 1
If memory allocation fails, it should write to stderr "Fatal error" followed by a \n and exit with status 1

Your program must be non-blocking, but clients maybe unresponsive, and if they don't read your message, you must NOT disconnect them.

Your program must not contain #define preprocessor directives.
Your program must listen only on the local IP address 127.0.0.1.
The fd that you will receive using 'accept' will already be set to make 'recv' or 'send' block if 'select' or 'pull' hasn't been called before calling them, but will not block otherwise. 

When a client connects to the server:
- The client will be assignment and id. The first client will receive the last client's ID + 1.
- The server sends a message to all connected clients: "server: client %d just arrived\n", using the previously mentioned ID.

Clients must be able to send messages to your program:
- Messages will consist only of printable characters, so there is no need to check.
- A single message can contains multiple '\n'.
- When the server receives a message, it must resend it to all the other clients with "client %d: " before every line!

When a client disconnects from the server:
- The server sends a message to all remaning connected clients: "server: client %d just left\n"

Memory or fd leaks are forbidden

To help you, you will find the file 'main.c' containing the beginnings of a server and possibly some useful functions. 
(Note that this file uses forbidden functions or writes things that must not be there, in your final program).

Warning: our tester is expects you to send the messages as quickly as possible. Avoid unnecessary buffering.

The Evaluation process may take longer than usual.

Hint: you can use nc to test your program
Hint: you should use nc to test your program
Hint: To test you can use fcntl(fd, F_SETFL, O_NONBLOCK) but use 'select' or poll and NEVER check EAGAIN (man 2 send)